## Lunarium COIN SIMPLE AUTO MASTER NODE SETUP GUIDE

### Windows wallet setup

Download windows wallet from these locations:
https://github.com/LunariumCoin/lunarium/releases

for handy I linked the most commonly used 64bit for windows: 
https://github.com/LunariumCoin/lunarium/releases/download/v1.0.0/lunarium-1.0.0-win64.zip

Once its downloaded, unzip the file then run it. 
 
### Syncing wallet
(This step is requied only if you can not get it to sync for future purposes, if it syncs then skip this section)
If you cannot get it to sync. go to windows start and type:
%appdata% 
you should see "roaming" click on it. it will take you to a folder.

find the "lunarium" folder and double click on it.
right click on "lunarium.conf" and open it with notepad or any text editor.
When file is loaded, add more nodes by copy and paste this:

* addnode=:44071
* addnode=:44071
* addnode=:44071

save file and exit.


## Generate a key for masternode

Now to get a genkey for the linux side.

Open the Smrt Coin Desktop Wallet. 
Go to Tools -> "Debug console - Console" 
Type the following command: masternode genkey

copy the codes generated by double clicking on the codes and right click copy.

Now move on to linux vps setup.

-----------------------
### Linux VPS setup
----------------------

Log into your linux Vps and copy the line below and press enter:

* cd && bash -c "$(wget -O - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/telostia/lunarium-guides/master/guides/lunarium_auto.sh)"

when asked to paste genkey. right click to paste your genkey in.



### ---------------------------------
### Windows wallet to add masternode 
### ---------------------------------

1.   Open the VET Coin Desktop Wallet. 
2.   Go to RECEIVE and create a New Address: MN1 
3.   Send 10000 Lunarium to MN1. 
4.   Wait for confirmations. 
5.   Go to Tools -> "Debug console - Console" 
6.   Type the following command: masternode outputs 
7.   Go to ** Tools -> "Open Masternode Configuration File" 
8.   Add the following entry: 
Alias Address Privkey TxHash Output_index 
*  Alias: MN1 
*  Address: VPS_IP:PORT (for e.g 108.5.5.5:44071)
*  Privkey: Masternode Private Key (paste the genkey you made earlier)
*  TxHash: First value from Step 6 
*  Output index: Second value from Step 6 

9.   Save and close the file. 
10.   Go to Masternode Tab. If your tab is not shown, please enable it 
from: Settings - Options - Wallet - Show Masternodes Tab 
11.   Click Update status to see your node. If it is not shown, close the wallet and 
start it again. Make sure the wallet is unlocked. 
12.   Open Debug Console and type: 
masternode start-alias [alias] 

sample for mn1:
masternode start-alias mn1

Complete! Thank you for reading  Lunarium coin.
If you like this script and find it helpful, can donate me some XLN :) 
at address(xln): LMW6fnRwUr7CbVkGovUUyB2xAroLT6qbMP

or bitcoin(btc): 35e29JQfqhPYWShTRYGQkiFedWTn412Y4F

or etherium(eth) erc20 compatible: 0x0777cC118b94bbDEC0922220992759568b0a17B7


 